---------------------------------------
File	:	README 
Project	:	COMPATIBLE ONE ACCORDS
Author	:	Iain James Marshall
Created	:	19th November 2011
---------------------------------------

This file provides useful information about the CompatibleOne Accords Platform.

If you are reading this file then you will have cloned the accords-platform from the 
CompatibleOne OW2 Gitorious and will perhaps want to build the binary package.

Currently two build scripts are provided. The first one, build.debian, as its name
suggests is for Debian based Linux platforms. The other one, build.linux, is to be used
for non Debian based Linux platforms.

In both cases, to build the Accords Platform Binary package, simply execute the required
buils script and wait till the compilation and link has all completed.

The Accords platforms depend on the following other tools and libraries which need to be 
installed on your platform before launching your build script.

	AUTOCONF
	AUTOMAKE
	AUTOTOOLS

	MAKE

	GCC

	OPENSSL

	UUID

When the build script has completed it will leave a binary tarball named after the build type

	prodball.debian.tgz is produced by the build.debian

	prodball.linux.tgz is produced by the build.linux

To install the Accords Platform you must create a directory into which you wish to install it,
unzip the corresponding tar ball into the directory then launch the install script. The install
script is a bash script and may need to be launched using 

	bash install

on certain debian based systems. Otherwise just run it as follows :

	./install

The installation script may take several parameters which will influence the way in which the
installation will be performed.

1) 	configuration file name
2) 	host name of the platform
3)	base port number of the installation
4)	publisher url of the form http://host:port

5)	this parameter when present will activate security
6)	this parameter when present will specify the monitoring options

When no parameters are passed the installation will be performed as if it had been launched as:

	./install accords.xml http://127.0.0.1 8086 http://127.0.0.1:8086


The installation procedure will create the master configuration file for all of the components 
of the Accords platform and when security is active will generate the security configurations,
certificates and private keys for all the OCCI server modules comprising the system. In addition
a collection of scripts will be generated that are configured to use the different components of 
the platform.

1)	co-start
	This script must be launched to start the Accords Platform and bring the servers online.

2)	co-status
	This script may be launched to inspect the status of the Accords Platform.

3)	co-parser
	This script allows a manifest to be submitted for parsing and results in the creation
	of a fully qualified plan.

4)	co-broker
	This script allows the resources described by a plan to be provisioning as a service and started

5)	co-resolver
	This script allows the publisher to be queried for category service provider information.

6)	co-command
	This script allows a provisioned service to be started, stopped or saved.

7)	co-stop
	This script must be launched to stop the Accords Platform and bring the servers offline.


During the platform operation, log and trace information will be generated to as described by the
monitoring parameter of the installation script.

0)	No monitoring
1) 	All monitoring is sent to the file co-log
2)	All monitoring is sent to the Module COMONS, except for the PUBLISHER, COMONS and COSS
3)	Monitoring information is sent to both the file co-log and to COMONS
6)	Optimised Monitoring is sent to the Module COMONS, except for the PUBLISHER, COMONS and COSS
6)	Optimised Monitoring is sent to the Module COMONS, except for the PUBLISHER, COMONS and COSS
	and to the file co-log.

The collection of XML files cords_*.xml and links_*.xml represent the internal state of the different
server components of the platform. They are updated as their internal state changes and will be reloaded
when the corrresponding component restarts.

The directory "rest/" contains the contents of the messages exchanged by the server components during 
operation and may be consulted. These may have several different extensions depending on the source
of the information and may be XML, JSON, OCCI, HTML or TMP files.

-----------
End of File
-----------
		





